Sexiness is an attitude, not a body type.
A smile is the sexiest thing a girl could ever wear.
There’s nothing as sexy as confidence.
My only crime is being sexy.
Having an upbeat personality is what makes you sexy.
It is sexy to feel positive.
Being sexy is about being confident, independent, and having fun.
Looks are not everything, but I have them, regardless.
I think it’s good to be smart, and I think it’s sexy to be smart.
You only get happiness when you feel sexy.
A bikini can’t solve anything, but it’s an excellent way to start.
I’m living the bikini kindalife.
I’m the sexiest ex- you can never get back.
If I’m gonna be a mess, I might just be a hot mess.
Everyone said I could be anything, so I became sexy!
I am sexy, and I know it.
If you need an angel, you can trust me 99%; the missing 1% is being sexy.
Life’s too short to wear boring bikinis.
Hotter than your ex, better than your next.
My height is 5’2, but my attitude is 6’1.
Focused, intelligent, motivated, Oh, and sexy!
I am bringing sexy back.
My attitude forecast for today: Partly crabby with an 80% chance of moodiness.
I am not handsome or sexy. Of course, it’s not like I am hopeless.
Wake up, work out, and look hot.
I was not made to fall in line.
Are you tired of my bikini pics? Good, ’cause I’m not either!
Feeling sexy today.
Just living life together.
Bad to the bone.
I am usually bikini-ready all year round.
Goal weight: Sexy, Strong, and Savage
I’m not medium hot; I’m extra spicy.
I don’t try to be sexy. Sexy tries to be me.
I’m born beautiful.
I am a different breed.
Good sex is like good bridge. If you don’t have a good partner, you’d better have a good hand.
We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
If you wear a short enough skirt, the party will come to you.
Usually I’m on top to keep the guy from escaping.
In my sex fantasy, nobody ever loves me for my mind.
I think we can all agree that sleeping around is a great way to meet people.
My boyfriend and I live together, which means we don’t have sex—ever. 
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.
Sex appeal is fifty percent what you’ve got and fifty percent what people think you’ve got.
Some things are better than sex, and some are worse, but there’s nothing exactly like it.
An intellectual is a person who’s found one thing that’s more interesting than sex.
Sex without love is merely healthy exercise.
Money is exactly like sex, you thought of nothing else when you didn’t have it and thought of other things as if you did.
There’s nothing better than good sex. But bad sex? A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex.
Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
When I’m good, I’m very good, but when I’m bad, I’m better.
There are four basic human needs; food, sleep, sex and revenge.
Sex should be friendly. Otherwise stick to mechanical toys; it’s more sanitary.
If a man doesn’t know how to dance he doesn’t know how to make love, there I said it!
What holds the world together, as I have learned from experience, is sexual intercourse.
The best revenge, like the best sex, is performed slowly, and with the eyes open.
Sex is like air; it’s not important unless you aren’t getting any.
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that’s not why we do it.
Sex is emotion in motion.
Emotion in motion.
Sex without love is as hollow and ridiculous as love without sex.
A gentleman holds my hand. A man pulls my hair. A soulmate will do both.
Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power.
Sex is always about emotions. Good sex is about free emotions; bad sex is about blocked emotions.”
The way you make love is the way God will be with you.
When sex involves all the senses intensely, it can be like a great blunt experience.
The major civilizing force in the world is not religion, it is sex.
Sex is about anticipation. 
Sex is a big question mark. It’s something people will talk about forever.
Sex is a part of nature. I go along with nature.
Sex is at the root of life.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. “Yes” is the answer.
The only unnatural sex act is that which you cannot perform.
My sexuality is not an inferior trait that needs to be chaperoned by emotionalism or morality.
Sex is the driving force on the planet. We should embrace it, not see it as the enemy.
I need more sex, Before I die I wanna taste everyone in the world.
“Sex is a natural. You can’t make it happen, but you can teach people to let it happen.
Sex is good. Everybody does it, and everybody should!
Sex is like money; only too much is not enough.
Sex is a two-way treat.
We are all born sexual creatures, thank God, but it’s a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift.
I live for sex. I celebrate it, the electricity of it, I can see no better reason for being alive.
We don’t ask when people age out of singing, or eating ice cream; why would we stop making love?
And yet another moral occurs to me now: Have sex when you can. It’s good for you.
Sex pretty much cures everything.
Sex is not only the basis of life, it is the reason for life.
Don’t have sex with the windows open. In the act you may be blind but the neighbors aren’t.
It isn’t premarital sex if you have no intention of getting married.
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
Sex is like a Chinese dinner. It ain’t over ’til you both get your cookie.
If it wasn’t for pick-pockets I’d have no sex life at all.
Humans love sex, we need sex, it’s how we connect, it reminds us we’re alive, it’s the third most basic human need, after food and good movie popcorn.
I am always looking for meaningful one night stands.
Don’t put off till tomorrow anyone you could be doing today.
Once you finish having sex, what is there to do but start over.
When I can feel your eyes wander across my naked body.
If we weren’t here Online right now, you’d have absolutely no chance of keeping your clothes on.
I feel so weak and turned on at the same time when I’m in your 
Thoughts
I love how you look at me when you’re turned on.
I can’t wait to taste you on my lips.
I like it in front of the mirror baby.
I want to taste me on you.
What was your favourite part of getting naked with me last nigh
Fuck me badly once, shame on you. Fuck me badly twice, shame on me.
I read that if you don't have sex for a year, you can actually become 'revirginized
I revealed too much too soon. I was emotionally slutty.
The good ones screw you, the bad ones screw you, and the rest don't know how to screw you.
Sexy is what I try to get them to see after I win them over with my personality.
I like my money where I can see it — hanging in my closet.
I'd like a cheeseburger, please, large fries, and a Cosmopolitan!
Maybe some women aren’t meant to be tamed, maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with.
They say nothing lasts forever. Dreams change, trends come and go, but Big Booty’s never go out of style.
The country runs better with a good looking man in the White House. I mean, look what happened with Nixon. No one wanted to fuck him, so he fucked everyone.
Gay men understand what's important: clothes, compliments, and cocks!
Balls are to men what purses are to women. It's just a little bag, but we'd feel naked in public without it.
We keep dresses we’ll never wear again, but we throw away our ex-boyfriends.
I will not be judged by you or society. I will wear whatever and blow whomever I want as long as I can breathe — and kneel.
What's the big mystery? It's my clitoris, not the Sphinx.
I will never be the woman with the perfect hair, who can wear white and not spill on it.
I think of you only twice a day ― when I am alone and when I am with someone else.
I heard that the best way to get over someone is to get under someone else.
A girl’s legs are her best friends … but even the best of friends must part.
Clever as the Devil and twice as pretty.
If goodness is its own reward, shouldn’t we get a little something for being naughty?
Sex is a team sport
If you were a bullet I would shoot myself to have you in me.
And if I were a naughty little girl, the idea is to spank me into good behavior?
I’m enough to drive a saint to madness and a king to his knees.
I’m a fish swimming by … catch me if you want me.
where we’re going, you won’t need a shirt.
not even God would be good enough to command me
I paint my lips with the stars… so that I don’t go light-years each night without kissing you…
Don’t get me wrong. I’m happy to be your morning lollipop, but I need to eat, too.
Would you like to come home with me since you’re already dressed for bed?
If you want me you’re going to have to come and get me.
Out of all the toads I kissed you are my first prince.
Will your eyes make love to me all evening?
I have no intention of denying you a thing. Just tip me…
All you need to do is breathe and I would do anything for you.
I never want to stop making memories with you.
before there’s no more night left.
I Live in many hearts Rent Free…
Loving me never was an option. It was a necessity.
I learned to say things with my eyes that others waste time putting into words.
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
It’s fun to be a woman. It’s fun to flirt and wear makeup and have boobs.
The eyes flirt most. There are so many ways to use them.
Flirting is a promise of sexual intercourse without a guarantee.
What are you in the mood for?
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
I’ll give you a smile you could feel in your hip pocket.
My walk has it own language
When i started flirting with the hustle, failure became my ex, now I’m engaged to the game and married to success.
God created the flirt as soon as he made the fool.
